Updates docs for governance, clients and distributed locks (#1754)
redis/redis-doc: docs/project/governance.md

---
title: "Redis Open Source Governance"
linkTitle: "Redis Open Source Governance"
weight: 1
description: >
    The governance model used to manage the Redis open source project.
aliases:
    - /topics/governance
---

## Introduction

> The Redis open source project has become very successful and extremely popular sine the original release in 2009.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Redis open source project has become very successful and extremely popular since its original release in 2009.
```
